W-7252216 Adding documentation for list membership (#220)
pardot/api-docs: docs/kb/api-version-4/export.md

## Visitor Activity

### filter_by_created_at

Retrieves all visitor activity records with a `created_at` value that is equal or greater than the `created_after` argument and less than or equal to the `created_before` argument.

> #### Abilities

Reviewer: Check your table formatting here, this looks odd.

* “Admin > Exports > View”

#### Arguments

* **created_after**: Selects visitor activities that were created after the specified time. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
* **created_before**: (Optional) Selects visitor activities that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `created_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `created_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.

## List Membership

### filter_by_created_at

Retrieves all list membership records with a `created_at` value that is equal or greater than the `created_after` argument and less than or equal to the `created_before` argument.

> #### Abilities

Reviewer: Do the bulleted list and table give the same information? If so, consider cutting one

| Action           | Requirements  |
| ---------------- | ------------- |
| Create export    | Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View ability `and` Prospects > Visitors > View ability |
| View export      | Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View ability `and` Prospects > Visitors > View ability and ability `and` be the same user that created the export |
| View all exports | Admin > Exports > View ability |
| Query exports    | Admin > Exports > View ability |

To create an export with this procedure, the user must have the following:

* “Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View“ ability AND
* “Prospects > Visitors > View“ ability

To view an export with this procedure, the user must have the following:

* “Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View“ ability AND
* “Prospects > Visitors > View“ ability AND
* The user must be the same as the user that created the export

OR

* “Admin > Exports > View”

#### Arguments

> * **created_after**: Selects list membership that were created after the specified time. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **created_after**: Selects list memberships that were created after the specified time. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
```

> * **created_before**: (Optional) Selects list membership that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `created_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `created_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **created_before**: (Optional) Selects list memberships that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `created_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `created_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
```

> * **deleted**: (Optional) Selects list membership based on if it is deleted or not. The value can be `true`, `false`, or `all`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **deleted**: (Optional) Selects list memberships based on if it is deleted or not. The value can be `true`, `false`, or `all`.
```

### filter_by_updated_at

Retrieves all list membership records with a `updated_at` value that is equal or greater than the `updated_after` argument and less than or equal to the `updated_before` argument.

> #### Abilities

Reviewer: Do the table and the bullet points give the same information? Consider cutting one.

| Action           | Requirements  |
| ---------------- | ------------- |
| Create export    | Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View ability `and` Prospects > Visitors > View ability |
| View export      | Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View ability `and` Prospects > Visitors > View ability and ability `and` be the same user that created the export |
| View all exports | Admin > Exports > View ability |
| Query exports    | Admin > Exports > View ability |

To create an export with this procedure, the user must have the following:

* “Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View“ ability AND
* “Prospects > Visitors > View“ ability

To view an export with this procedure, the user must have the following:

* “Marketing > Segmentation > Lists > View“ ability AND
* “Prospects > Visitors > View“ ability AND
* The user must be the same as the user that created the export

OR

* “Admin > Exports > View”

#### Arguments

> * **updated_after**: Selects list membership that were created after the specified time. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **updated_after**: Selects list membership records that were created after the specified time. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
```

> * **updated_before**: (Optional) Selects list membership that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `updated_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `updated_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **updated_before**: (Optional) Selects list membership records that were created before the specified time. This value must be after the value in `updated_after`. If this argument is not specified, then no upper boundary is used in the query, and all data after the `updated_after` is returned. The value can be `today`, `yesterday`, `last_7_days`, `this_month`, `last_month`, or a custom time specified in [GNU Date Input Syntax](http://www.gnu.org/software/tar/manual/html_node/Date-input-formats.html) format.
```

> * **deleted**: (Optional) Selects list membership based on if it is deleted or not. The value can be `true`, `false`, or `all`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **deleted**: (Optional) Selects list membership records based on whether they are deleted. The value can be `true`, `false`, or `all`.
```
